fix: small changes docs (#175)
mercator-ocean/copernicus-marine-toolbox: README.md

## Features

> The `copernicusmarine` Toolbox offers capabilities through both **Command Line Interface (CLI)** and **Python API**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Copernicus Marine toolbox offers capabilities through both **Command Line Interface (CLI)** and **Python API**:
```

Author: <img width="1049" alt="Screenshot 2024-10-18 at 17 38 50" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/04541cb4-29c5-4f5b-b460-6f6b214fe3d4">
I am not sure, but the report they did explicitly wrote it the way I did.
